okay hey guys in this video I'm gonna
teach you how to axle stall cycle stalls
usually the second trick that you learn
after you learn how to opt-in if you
don't know how to drop in go to my
channel and I have a video on how to
show you how to drop in
so after you've learning to drop in
you'll probably learn axle stall or rock
to fakie axle stall is probably easier
trick to learn but the rock to fakie is
a better trick to learn because once you
have the rock to fakie
you can almost immediately tail stall if
you have no clue what though I just said
that's okay it'll all make sense later
my later videos so this is that an axle
saw some useful things on how to access
all I don't know if you guys already
know what an access all yet but I'll
show you real quick just in case you
have never seen that was the so as you
can see most of the axle stall is just
getting your wheels on the coping so to
do that some trick some tips you can use
to help you learn that faster is by
coming up into the ramp and practicing
turn like this what you can also do you
could also first by learning so
basically learn a kick to first and then
practicing turning in 90 degrees until
your boards just like that on the
halfpipe stalling for as long as you can
then coming back in again it's the same
motion that you use when you're actually
removing so here it is again so here's
so here's what is really happening when
you learn how to axle stall so you come
up and you you push down on your tail to
have your board to make your board lift
and you keep pushing on your tail then
when your trucks are about right there
when you start or maybe like right there
you start to turn until you kill your
wheel pop up over the coping then wait
until your the front side your board is
centered and then just slam down with a
front of your foot so you lock into
position once you're there it's pretty
easy you just lift and then turn back in
so it's the same thing when you're
coming back in it's the same thing as
dropping in but instead of going like
that dropping in it's wonderful ooh in
motion so it's like that so that's how
you axle stall again you push down it
you're coming up to the halfpipe you
push down your tail to get your your
front trucks over the coping you start
turning then slam your front foot down
and get into position
if you having trouble like what you can
do is you can practice and see how long
how long you have to wait before you can
turn like what I mean by that is if
you're turning but you turn too late and
you end up like that then that means
that you want to turn a little bit
earlier so that you get there if you're
turning too early you're going like that
a little bit later so that's pretty much
all you have to do after that just
practice practice learning practice
doing the whole thing
only one stop trying to make me laugh
man wow I have a weird laugh alright
anyway so thanks for watching guys hope
this video helped you and see you guys
later
I was horrible
[Music]